called Oistros by tlte Ancients. 407

able to account for this extraordinary agitatiou, I had formerly
given way to the notiori of some very painful intliction by the
(Eslrzzss but l am now led to question this opinion, inasmuch
as Ι can discover no instrument by which this effect can be pro-
duced. The shrill sharp sound, which Virgil describes, was, l
dare say, not stated without some real ground3 and a friend of
mine actually informed me, that he was standing in a farm-yard
one day near some cattle, when one of these flies entered and
approached them, and that he distinctly heard this shrill sound.
In confirmation of this account we may remark, that the wing-
scale, covering the lzalteres, which has been supposed by Keller
to be the organ of sound, is particularly large in this insect;
but further than this we dare not assert, but leave the point
for future investigation. W'e know from Linnaeus's own ac-
count, that the OEstrus Tamnzsli, or Rein-deer Bot, very simi-
lar in all respects to the OE. Bovis, makes no sound while de-
positing its egg3 which again brings me into doubt upon this
matter.

W'e next have to observe‚ in confirmation of the peculiar
effects of these insects upon the animals they insest, that those
of the (Es-trus of the Rein-deer, are equally singular and re-
markable; and this fact we have from the indefatigable re—
searches of our innnortal leader, Linnaeus himself. He says,
speaking of the OE.Tar‹1ncli, in his Lapland Tour, that as he
was in bed early one morning, he perceived a very ungrateful
smell, and when day-light appeared, “there were standing about
the cot a thousand of these Rein·deer‚ driven by old men, boys,
dogs, and women, who milked these animals. They appeared
to he under the apprehension of some invisible attack : the ani-
mals carried their heads aloft, their ears pricked up and ex-
tended, beating the ground, and kicking in the air with their

vo L. xv. :3 G feet

