(332)

 

X. Notice of a Species (ψ’ Ursus from Nepam. By Thomas
Ilot’sficlcl, MD„ F. 1,.8. ancl [QG S.

Rem! (lune. (20, 1820.

I ΤΛ ις 11: the liberty to offer to the Society a concise description
of the skin of a ssear from India, probably belonging to a new
species, which was lately presented to our Museum by ΙΙ. T.
Colebrooke, Esq. This skin was forwarded from the Nepaul
niountains agreeably to a particular request3 and it is to be
regretted that, notwithstanding every necessary instruction given
by the correspondent of ΜΓ. Colebrooke, it was considerably
injured by the process of preparation, and the skull was entirely
removed. The front teeth, however, reinain perfect in both jaws :
they agree in all points with the character of the genus Ursus,
as now defined.

The entire length of the skin, fron] the tip of the nose to the
extremity of the tail, is :3 feet lO inches; across the middle of
the abdomen and back it measures <2 feet 3 inches. Judging
froin the teeth and claws, the skin appears to have belonged to
an adult animal. The fur on the top of the head, neck and
shoulders, is lengthened, shaggy and cnrled ; on the flanks and
on the abdomen and extremities it is short and closely applied.
The thighs are partly covered with inore rigid, bristly hairs.
The claws on the fore-feet are small, obtuse, thick, strongly
rounded above, and almost straight3 on the posterior feet they
have the same general character, but are. considerably srnaller:

they

