072 the Hortus Malabaricus, Part HI. 105

phius. In the rivers of Malabar, as well as in the Ganges and
Erawadi, it grows on sliiny banks; while in the Moluccas it is
found on rocky shores.

In his unnatural genus Rlziz‘oplmra, Linnaeus included without
distinction both the plants of Rumphius, calling them R. caseo-
laris; but, for what reason Ι know not, the Blatti is not quoted
(Burm. Fl. Iml. 108). M. Sonnerat in his Vogsage 1⁴0 Nem Gzeinea
gave a figure of this plant, calling it Γᾶς-(φωρ, evidently the
same with the Bs‘tgalbztt, by which name it is mentioned by Ca-
1110111. The younger Linnaeus then became sensible that this
plant could not be continued as 11 ΠΙιίῖορΙῐον-(ι, and called it
Somzeratia acida. M. Lamarck divides this into two varieties ;
1110 rubrum of Ruinphius, which he considers 115 the Batti, and
the album of Rumphius, which he makes 11 second variety : but,
as I have said, the difference probably consists merely in the
age of the branch: the young ones in flower being quadmngular,
while those in fruit are rounded. This also seems to have been
the opinion of lVilldenow (Sp. Pl. ii. 999), who quotes both
the 73rd and 74th table of Rumphius, without establishing two
varieties. Gaertner, however (De Sem. i. 379. t. 78. f. 2.), for
his Aahletia caseolaris cites only the sssangiwn case-olore album
(tab. 73.); and neither quotes the Illaemginm caseolare rubrum of
Rumphius, nor the Blatti of Rheede. At the time, however, he
would not seem to have known the change that had been intro-
duced by the younger Linnaeus: and subsequent authors have
considered (Il'illd. ubi supr. Enc. flletlz. Sap. i. (541.) Gaertner's
Aubletia as the Somzeratia acida.

In Bengal this plant is called Ourchaka, which has no resem-
blance to Ambettz', the name used by the Brahmans of Malabar²
probably from the fruit being used as an acid seasoning, like
that of the Ellangifiwt, which they call ,21ml20; and this in the

voL. xv. P feminine

