4 Messrs. SIIEPPARD ancl annmz’s Catalogue

A Hawk of this kind was observed to dart upon a weasel, and
immediately to mount alost with it in his talons2 but had not
proceeded sar before both fell from a considerable height: the
weasel ran offz but the Kestril, upon examination, was found to
have been killed by a bite in the throat.

6. F.fulvus (Golden Eagle).

An account of a bird of this species, killed in Suffolk, may be
seen in Pennant's Eritis-h ,Z'‹)0l0gys, edit. 181‘2.

7. F. Haliak³tecs (Osprey).

The Osprey has been niet with in the neighbourhood of rivers
and large pieces of water, both in Norfolk and Sufi'olk. A very
fine specimen, which we saw in the possession of Mr. Crickinore
of BeccleS‚ had a beautiful bronze gloss upon the upper parts os
its plumage.

ὃ. F. Albia-illa (Sea Eagle).

Some years since a Sea Eagle was met with in the western
part of Norfolk, and being only slightly wounded with a gun
was with difficulty overpowered. lt afterwards lived sixteen
years in the possession of the late llenry Styleman, Esq. of
Snettishani, at whose house we saw it in full vigour in the
year 1818. Another bird of the same speeies in full plumage,
killed in Norfolk a few years ago, was sent to ΜΓ. IIunt of
Norwich. In its young state—the Sea-Eagle of most English
autliors‚—it has been frequently shot both in Norfolk and Suf-
folk.

A young one, which is kept by the Rev. Joseph [larrison of
Great Oakley in Essex, and is very familiar with him, and which
he procured when about ten weeks old from Sweden, sounds an
alarin upon the approach of any strangers, and will fiy violently

to

