Mravmons ancl Dr. IIonsri ELD on Azzslralc'an Bit-(Is. 171

try have so long and sojustly followed. But nothing can be more
unfounded than such a supposition. Devoted as our leading zoo-
logists have hitherto been to Linnaeus, they have not evinced a
more sincere attachment to his precepts than the authors of thv
following Catalogue. In point of fact, the apparent deviation
from the ‘⁶ Systema. Natta-(eff in our attempt to arrange the
ornithology of New Holland, and in similar undertakings of the
present day, will be found, when strictly investigated‚ to bc
more in word than in reality. It would be superfluous to call
to the recollection of the Society how important has been the
increase of knowledge in every branch of natural history since
the days of Linnaeus. That increase, in the particular depart-
ment. upon which we have entered, rendering the subjects even
now above five times more extensive than when that pre—eminent
naturalist undertook to arrange them, has raised his subordinate
groups into groups of a considerably higher value than they
originally possessed. These divisions which he instituted as the
next superior groups to species, and which he denominated
genera, have swelled out by the vast accumulation of specics
and the endless variety of new forms comprised in them, into
what are now considered families, or into assemblages of even
still more extensive signification. In such a change of materials.
a corresponding change in their denominations appears essen-
tially necessary: the groups, which were once termed genera.
require a more comprehensive title: and the before-unnoticed
modifications of form that spring up and constitute subordinate
groups among them take the place which they have left, and,
assuming the rank, demand the name, of genera. Such, in fact.
is the natural course of our science3 and such will ever be its
progress, while information continues to increase.

On our turning to the examination, however, of the original

groups of Linnaeus, limited as they confessedly were iu his days
Ζ 2 as

