Auso-alian Bircls in the Collection oftlle Limiean Society. 327

Gracula viridis. Latlz. Iud. Orn. Supp. p. xxviii. no. 2.

Mimetes viridis. King, Survey of tlte Interii-opica] Coasts of
Australia, vol. ii. l]- 419.

Creon Grakle. Loth. Gen. Hist. iii. p. 168. πο. (24.

2. ΓιωὉ-οΙΝΟΤΑ. Mim. flavo-viridis, subtus pallidior, capite
dorsoque flasco-liuentis, alis sctzcsldqae nigris viridi flavoque
variegatis.

Mimetes flavo-cinctus. King, Survey, (3³20. vol. ii. p. 419.

The Society is indebted sor this bird to Captain Philip Parker
King, R.N.‚ ΕΗ. & L.S., who first discovered the species, and
described it from this specimen. ⁹ As far as can be judged from
the mere eauviae of birds, where few specimens can be compared
together, this bird appears a very distinct species from Mim. vi-
riclis.

3 Mmmtomns. Mim. supr«) brzmnescenti-olivacca,fusco-stri-
ata, subtus alba filsea striatim gutulum teetricztbus supernis
remigibusque secundariis pallido-rzffo marginatis; rectricibus
apice albis.

Capitis nuclzceque plumae striis fuscis gracilibus, (lot-si latioribus
in medio notatae. Tectrioes· inferiores rufae, fusco-variegatae.
Rectrices fuscae apicibus albis. Longitudo corporis, 103:
alce a carpo ad remigem quartam, 5Τ7Π ; caudae, 5 ; rostri ad
rictum, 13, ad frontem, 1 ; tarsi, 3—3.

W e have already alluded to the difficulty of determining the
limits of species by the skins only of birds, without the oppor-
tunity of examining the changes in their plumage from age or
season in their native countries. it is of course with hesitation
that we give the three foregoing species as distinct. A general
similarity in the disposition of their colours prevails throughout

the

