Australian Birds 2'11 tlte Collection oftlzc Limaeam δορπίῃ. ί,289

l. IIAEMATODUs. Tri. viridis, capite collo ‹tln‘lomincque medio
pmpmascenti-aV:meis‚· pectore coccineo flavo-varivgato, tec-
tricibus inferioribus coccineis, lanam nztcltctli fitscidqm’ re-
migum subtusflavis.

Foem.? Pectore vocciueo, azureo-fizsciato.

Psittacus haematodus. Linn. Mant. 1771. J). 5⁶24.

Perruche des Moluques. Pl. Enl. 743.

Perruche d'Amboine. Il). 61. P .

Perruche a tete bleue. Le I'aill. [list. (les Perr. pl. 24. ὅ. 25. 9 .
26. ιφἰιυ. 27. var.

Blue-bellied Parrakeet. Bmwn, Illust. of ,zoofi pl. 7. Phill.
Rot. Ray, pl. in p. 1512.

Red-breasted Parrot. Latlz. Gen. Hist. ii. p. 12¹2. no. QG.

Mr. Caley informs us, that ‘⁴ this bird is called [Vm-'rin by the
nativos, and by the settlers Blue ssloemtain Parrot. 'Phe young
birds of this species are taken by the natives, who sell them to
the settlers inhabiting the banks of the I‘Iawkesbury, and the
neighbourhood of Richmond Hill ; which latter settlement being
situated at the foot of the moliminum, the above name has been
given to the bird. The name however is misapplied, for this
species does not frequent the mountains; at least I have never
met with it there during the various times and the different sea-
sons that I visited those parts. It is a bird remarkable for its
docility and attachment to some people, although a perfect
scold to others, who may have teazed or otl'ended it.—-Floeks of
these birds may be seen in the Encalypti trees when in flower7
in different parts of the country, but in the greatest number
near their breeding-places. It does not eat any kind of grain,
even when in a domesticated state. It is much subject to fits,
which generally prove fata13 and it is rare to find an individual
kept alive above a couple of years. One that Ι kept, on being

vor„ xv, 2 P shown

